Explaining protocol url as key. (#1119)
TBD54566975/developer.tbd.website: site/docs/web5/learn/protocols.md

}
```

> The value for `protocol` is a URI that serves as the key of the protocol being configured. If two or more applications use the same protocol, identified by the URL, you can create common experiences across these apps in a more interoperable way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value for `protocol` is a URI that serves as the key of the protocol being configured. If two or more applications use the same protocol, identified by the URI, users can enjoy common experiences across these apps in a more interoperable way. Ideally, the protocol URI should lead to a JSON Schema document that validates the configurations, however, this is not validated by Web5.
```
